My biggest weakness used to be the fact that I always wanted to do things
myself. I thought it was ownership when I was giving a task and
said, Hey, you know what? You have these five people go ahead and get
this done. Or maybe just you yourself, go ahead and get this done.
And I wouldn't want to ask people how to do things I was very, very
interested in, You know, not only getting the credit for it, but also
learning about the thing that I'm trying thio to fix or, you know,
operating as my with my team, Um, to make sure that like it's it's
a goal that we ourselves completed. And even though there is some justification
to that, that might be the wrong way to go. Um, if there's
something that you don't know about rather than spend half an hour
or two hours or even longer to try to figure this out myself just
because I'm so stuck on the ownership portion, uh, what I've learned
as a chief is you know what we're about. Speed here is well, so you
have to, like, turn around, walk across the room, say, Hey, Have you
ever experienced this? Get it in a few seconds and then go across
and and keep it flowing. So I think about I'm a lot more efficient
assed faras, um, asking questions when I don't have the immediate answer.